I don't know I don't like it what do we
got have a meet for everybody else
worried about their own business just me
is how we're gonna survive meet Paul
Vitti I go so great never felt better
a mob boss with a problem yeah yeah I
got stress based on everything I'd say
you had an anxiety attack I magnin to
forget dot back psychiatrist dr. Sobel
listen mister you can't come in here
this is a patient's private session you
know me yes oh you don't
okay she might put your paper yes no you
didn't he's got problems
so yeah yo on my shrimp you don't have
the word no very often do you believe it
all the time only smile no please no no
you got an accent hey analyze this my
world I do animals back there want to be
everybody get away from the car what is
my goal here to make you a happy
well-adjusted gangsters I'm very angry
I'm trying to get some songs
hello sure oh you're on that to get a
dictionary you find out what disclosure
is you know what I do it I'm angry I hit
a pillow try that just hit the pillow
feel better yeah though Warner Brothers
presents Robert DeNiro
I couldn't the last time gave me
sexually no I mean for the big game
against Michigan State of course sexy
Billy Crystal I am here as is consider
League Larry you want a fresh one and
Lisa Kudrow
my wedding is ruined kid you've got
problems in the story of a gangster who
couldn't kill anymore
and the psychiatrist who must cure him
that mitad the shrinkie knows too much
already
it's okay I wasn't really on a wagon oh
I think I was gonna whack if I was I was
I was real conflicted about it
analyse this yo you got a gift yes you
do oh yes you do